Bugs and Notes 
Visual/Sprite Issues 
●​ Fish move backwards during the game’s start up loading screen 
●​ Slightly change the pointing hand sprite, it looks quite weird 
○​
 
●​ Some sprites look a bit too silly in my opinion, especially the pets. Their mouths look like 
black lips, the turtle also has an odd hexagon on the top of it’s back. 
●​ The hat on the top left profile icon is also clipping through the black ring 
○​
 
●​ When inspecting hats on the “My look” tab, they pop out of the profile outline 
●​ Miner suits also are outside of their respective “cards” 
○​
 
●​ The palm to the right of your character keeps twitching a lot 
●​ Artstyle, or to be precise the thickness of the outlines varies a lot for no apparent reason. 
●​ Random outline connecting the mining shaft to the box with gems 
○​
 
●​ The mine shaft on the bottom of the ocean does not have a proper outline showing its 
end 
○​
 
UI / Clarity 
●​ Make some things a bit clearer, the plus button on top of the upgrades didn’t initially 
seem like a thing you’d be able to click.image 
○​
 
●​ Some upgrade costs are a bit unclear. You can open a pop up to upgrade someone from 
level x to level y, and it will presumably show the cost number in coins, but it isn’t really 
shown. 
○​ Add a little coin to the left or right of the price 
●​ Maybe make some ui placements make a bit more sense: 
○​ Move the lift more left if possible, and the boat as well since right now its over the 
plant. Then move the plant somewhere above the plant. 
●​ What's the point of the wardrobe icon if clicking on the profile does the same 
●​ Make music and sound changers draggable with mouse 
●​ When changing languages, the bottom set of icons are still titled in english for some time 
●​ The locks on deeper mineshaft areas  are clipping through some outlines 
○​
 
Gameplay / Balance 
●​ Add cooldowns to most tasks, an autoclicker can easily break them (in a sense where 
they become too good early on and later on) 
○​ For example such are: 
■​ The sun/moon vfx, but that doesn’t matter as much 
■​ Miners and ship 
●​ The fishing mini game is already so easy to the point of the better rod upgrades not 
seeming useful 
●​ Casting your rod doesn’t require the user to even press the cast button. 
●​ Make the suits for divers give actual buffs to them maybe. They seem to cost more for 
no apparent reason besides their color changing, so maybe that would be nice 
○​ In general I just think that such things should give slight side effects 
●​ Make the speed of the lift scale a bit more with upgrades, it still feels quite slow even on 
levels 100+ 
Puzzle Game Mode 
●​ Make it a bit more clear that the compass shard in the puzzle game mode should read 
the bottom 
○​ (or maybe im a dumbass and didnt see a tip) but nevertheless show or write it 
somewhere 
●​ MAYBE: Make the rewards in puzzle not scale with progression over all, but in 
progression in puzzle 
○​ In short, I might grind the game for hours and do the first level of the puzzle 
gamemode and still get millions of coins (just a me-complaint tho) 
Progression / Engagement 
●​ To make the game more engaging, try to add some type of stats board comparing you to 
other players. Since atm there aren’t too many people, you can just make them bots so 
that there is still some drive due to competition. 
●​ New ocean doesn’t really seem so new 
Monetization 
●​ Make a “watch add for a 2x production boost for x minutes” :) 
○​ Gotta make that money off of kids somehow 
Personal Notes: 
●​ I mean the game’s pretty decent, doesn’t have any game breaking bugs or anything like 
that. If it’s meant for kids, I can see why they might enjoy this, but I think the gameplay 
loop becomes a bit too repetitive pretty quickly, but this might just be me. The sfx and vfx 
are satisfying, music seems good, some features seem a bit random, but maybe that 
may help with keeping the gameplay engaging (puzzle, fishing). Still not my cup of tea 
tho, but still nice job. 
●​ If I had to recommend some new feature, I’d say add a decently high level cap, eg.: 100 
so you actually need to expand deeper. Right now it’s worth it to buy 5 mines and 
upgrade everything else until you can go to the next ocean. Plus I just think there are 
way too many mines in general. 
